[EventHubs] Prepare for February 2022 release (#20235)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## 5.7.0-beta.2 (2022-02-08)

Reviewer: Since we want to use 5.7.0 for the `skipParsingBodyAsJson` feature, this should be 5.8.0-beta.1

### Features Added

> - `createEventDataAdapter` is added which specifies how to convert an `EventData` to a simple message with `body` and `contentType` fields. This adapter can be used with the Avro encoder in `@azure/schema-registry-avro` starting from version 1.0.0-beta.6 to create `EventData` messages with Avro-encoded bodies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new function `createEventDataAdapter` is exported that can convert an `EventData` to a simple message with `body` and `contentType` fields. This adapter can be used with the Avro encoder in `@azure/schema-registry-avro` starting from version 1.0.0-beta.6 to create `EventData` messages with Avro-encoded bodies.
```

> - Add idempotent publishing support to `EventHubBufferedProducerClient`.  The functionality can be enabled by setting the `enableIdempotentPartition` client option to `true`.  [PR #20156](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/20156)

Reviewer: Can we add a single line description of what idempotent publishing offers to the user? Otherwise I am worried people might expect that they can send the same message multiple times and it would result only in 1 message in the service.

Author: I copied some description from .NET.

# Release History

## 5.7.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

> ### Features Added

Author: I removed the entry for idempotent publishing per PR suggestion but now find it weird with just a sample entry for a new beta...

Author: perfect!

Author: Updated

> ## 5.7.0-beta.2 (2022-02-08)

Author: ```suggestion
## 5.7.0-beta.2 (2022-02-08)

### Features Added

- `createEventDataAdapter` is added which specifies how to convert an `EventData` to a simple message with `body` and `contentType` fields. This adapter can be used with the Avro encoder in `@azure/schema-registry-avro` starting from version 1.0.0-beta.6 to create `EventData` messages with Avro-encoded bodies.
```

# Release History

## 5.7.0-beta.2 (2022-02-08)

### Features Added

> - `createEventDataAdapter` is added which specifies how to convert an `EventData` to a simple message with `body` and `contentType` fields. This adapter can be used with the Avro encoder in `@azure/schema-registry-avro` starting from version 1.0.0-beta.6 to create `EventData` messages with Avro-encoded bodies.

Author: ```suggestion
- `createEventDataAdapter` is added which specifies how to convert an `EventData` to a simple message with `body` and `contentType` fields. This adapter can be used with the Avro encoder in `@azure/schema-registry-avro` starting from version 1.0.0-beta.6 to create `EventData` messages with Avro-encoded bodies.

- Add idempotent publishing support to `EventHubBufferedProducerClient`.  The functionality can be enabled by setting the `enableIdempotentPartition` client option to `true`.  [PR #20156](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/20156)
```

### Other Changes

> - Added a sample for buffered producer. [PR #18674](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/18674)

Reviewer 2: does this have to be mentioned? I feel like samples are not part of the package artifact so it feels weird to mention this in the changelog.

Author: obviously not!
